Exercise 1.1
Andrew Fulling and Kelsey Brouwer
Lab 01, CS 262

Interesting and Tractable: a Calvin student activity coordination app
This app would help students connect and plan activities. Our motivating idea was a student
	who wants to order a pizza but doesn't want the whole thing. She could post to the app
	looking for someone who also wanted a pizza and the two of them could easily connect.
	Other uses could be coordinating rides to the grocery store, carpooling for Calvin events,
	or connecting people interested in the same games or activities. Posts could potentially 
	have a limited life span, so that the feed does not get clogged up. Posts could also 
	be sorted by category to help students connect in the best possible way.
Difficulties with the app would be security related, such as limiting the app to members of 
	the Calvin community or making sure that posts were appropriate. Likely some sort of 
	administration would be needed. Another concern is that this app is not entirely 
	necessary, since other communication apps exist and are used.
	
Wacky: the Calvin Parking app
This app would help members of the Calvin community know where to park on campus. Our idea
	came from commuting students who sometimes are doomed to spend precious time searching 
	for a parking spot only to end up late to class. This app could either list available 
	parking spots or present a map that the user could explore to find a spot. One feature
	might be for the user to enter information about their parking credentials (resident, 
	commuter, staff, visitor) to be shown what spots are best for them. Another feature
	could save the chosen parking spot for the user to easily find their car later. An 
	advanced feature could be for the app to select the best available parking spot for
	the user, based on features like where their classes are and if they are late or need to
	leave quickly, etc.
Concerns for this app are how to collect parking data. The way that makes sense to procure
	this data would be via GPS, but that could be outside the scope of this project. 
	Otherwise, data could be user inputted, but then all people parking on Calvin's campus
	would need to input their parking data for the app to work. Otherwise the app would 
	need to be frequently updated by an administrator, which seems like too much work.